hey whats up youtube no I am NOT Asian
persuasion I am Keegan 25 x and i really
want to start off by thanking Johnny for
letting me put this on his channel I
really appreciate it I've talked to
Johnny a couple times met him in a few
different events he's a great guy and he
was kind enough to let me put this video
up on his channel so let me kind of tell
you guys what uh what I do and when I'm
offering for you guys and all of that
good stuff so first off my name is mike
harris from oklahoma city and have been
youtubing um about two two and a half
years but on the current channel that
i'm on i have been doing this for about
a year and i decided to remake a channel
about a year ago so that i could refresh
my audience redo some things get rid of
some trolls that were in there that were
a little obsessive with some things and
just kind of run my channel better
overall I learned a lot in the first
year year and a half that I did that and
so I really wanted to just refresh I'm
head around 6,000 subs and restarted all
over again and so what I wanted to do
for you guys is to let you know that I
would love to see you guys over on my
channel I don't necessarily have any UV
content to drop for you guys right here
in this video because I'm here to
promote my series that I've been doing
called the ug files life beyond the
cards now if you guys have ever seen
episodes of things like american pickers
or something along those lines that's
kind of the way this is filmed it's
filmed in a television style setting
it's like a documentary that is a
sequential documentary through basically
what i do through yugioh but to give you
guys a few hints episode one it takes
place in Nationals in Chicago so you see
us going to Chicago the whole thing that
happened with all the different
youtubers and all the players and all
that good stuff then episode two is
worlds in Las Vegas I got to go to that
so you guys get to see Las Vegas get to
see inside what it was like inside
watching some of the match
isn't everything like that and that
episode 3 is going to AR the arg circuit
in fort worth texas i was there as event
coverage staff so i was filming a lot of
videos for you know different feature
matches and stuff like that if you guys
come over to my channel some things
you're going to find are obviously more
ug file episodes episode 4 is in the
works right now also you're going to
find a lot of top player deck profiles
that's one thing that I'm known for
along with a couple of other people like
Cordero vexes 4666 slim pro Winston
Robbie Cole things like that I get a lot
of deck profiles at ycs is for people
who top and win and all that good stuff
also I have a lot of the feature matches
in total coverage from the Arg circuit
series in Texas if you guys want to see
individual matches or interviews full
interviews you guys can go to my channel
to see that as well so anyway guys in
the description below i'm going to have
UV files episode 1 2 and 3 and the link
to my channel if you guys were check
those out I'd absolutely love it I only
want you to subscribe or like the videos
if you guys enjoyed the content that's
the main thing I want you guys to come
over because you want to not because I'm
asking you to not because Johnny's
letting me put this on his channel I
tried to do a lot of things for you guys
I have some really cool things coming up
and I really think that episodes 4 and 5
of Yugi files um you guys are really
going to want to watch those from not
necessarily just a gaming standpoint but
from a community standpoint I think you
guys are really going to enjoy that so
anyways Johnny once again thanks to let
me put this on your channel bro I will
see you guys later hope see on my
channel comment rate subscribe I also do
facebook instagram and twitter if you
guys want to follow me links to all that
will be in the description below and
anyways guys I'll talk to you later bye
you